Create knowledge base (#1937)
18F/cg-site: _kbarticles/2021-05-20-getting-rds-version-information.md

---
layout: post
title: "Getting RDS version information"
date: May 20, 2021

> excerpt: Find out what version of AWS RDS version your app is using

Author: @ccostino Have I missed anything here?

Reviewer: No, this is short and sweet, thank you!  The only thing I'd do is just list the commands for each DB engine we support (so that'd be adding the command for MySQL and Oracle it looks like) in a list to make it easier for folks, but otherwise this is fine as is.

---

The dedicated plans listed in the [RDS Services page](https://cloud.gov/docs/services/relational-database/) (marked “AWS RDS Latest”) deploy the default version as advertised by AWS. 

> There is currently no way to verify ahead of time the version of an RDS service that will be deployed by the cloud.gov broker, but you can check the version once an instance has been created by connecting to that instance using the cf-service-connect plugin, and running SELECT version(); (or equivalent command) at the prompt.

Reviewer: Explicit commands for the RDS engines we support:

```suggestion
There is currently no way to verify ahead of time the version of an RDS service that will be deployed by the cloud.gov broker, but you can check the version once an instance has been created by connecting to that instance using the cf-service-connect plugin.  Once the database prompt appears, run the command that matches the database you're using:

- PostgreSQL:  `SELECT version();`
- MySQL:  `SELECT VERSION();`
- Oracle:  `SELECT * FROM v$version;`
```
